PREVIOUSLY
ON "PUSHING DAISIES"...
CHARLOTTE'S FATHER, MY LOVER,
WAS VIVIAN'S FIANCE.
VIVIAN CAN NEVER KNOW.
DWIGHT DIXON. I WAS A FRIEND
OF YOUR FATHER'S 25 YEARS AGO.
I'M ACTUALLY
TRYING TO FIND HIM.
I'M AFRAID WE LOST TOUCH.
I-I'M RALSTON.
THIS IS MAURICE.
Chuck: THEY HAVE YOUR EYEBROWS,
AND THEY DO PARLOR MAGIC!
PEOPLE LOOSEN UP, DROP THEIR
BAGGAGE, AND LIVE A LITTLE.
HI, I'M NED. I THOUGHT
I'D STOP BY BECAUSE...
BASICALLY,
WE HAVE THE SAME DAD.
Narrator: AT THIS VERY MOMENT
IN THE TOWN OF COEUR D'COEURS,
YOUNG NED BELIEVED IN MAGIC.
IT WAS NOT THE MAGIC
THAT SPARKED FROM HIS FINGERTIP
WHEN HE TOUCHED A DEAD THING
ALIVE AGAIN.
THAT PARTICULAR MAGIC
HAD NOT YET BEEN DISCOVERED.
THIS WAS THE MAGIC
OF A FATHER'S LOVE.
[ DIGBY WHINES ]
YOUNG NED WOULD DISCOVER
THIS MAGIC WAS NOT MAGIC AT ALL.
ALAKAZAM!
Narrator:
IT WAS JUST A TRICK.
AFTER NED'S MOTHER DIED,
HIS FATHER PERFORMED
ANOTHER TRICK --
A CRUEL DISAPPEARING ACT.
I'LL BE BACK.
Narrator: AND WHEN HIS FATHER
NEVER CAME BACK,
NED STOPPED BELIEVING IN MAGIC.
YOUNG NED DISCOVERED
HIS FATHER WOULD ONE DAY
PERFORM HIS SLEIGHTS OF HAND
AND MISDIRECTIONS
FOR A YOUNGER,
MORE IMPRESSIONABLE AUDIENCE,
A NEW FAMILY
THAT DID NOT INCLUDE NED,
BUT DID INCLUDE
HIS HALF-BROTHERS,
MAURICE AND RALSTON.
MAURICE AND RALSTON
LOVED THEIR FATHER
AND DELIGHTED
IN HIS MAGICAL TRICKS
AND INSISTED ON LEARNING
EVERY ONE OF THEM.
BUT THERE WAS ONE MAGIC TRICK
THEIR FATHER NEVER TAUGHT THEM
AND WOULD ONLY SHOW THEM ONCE --
A CRUEL DISAPPEARING ACT.
IT'S 19 YEARS, 42 WEEKS, 6 DAYS,
13 HOURS, AND 7 MINUTES LATER.
MAURICE AND RALSTON
HAVE BECOME THE ILLUSIONIST DUO
"TWO FOR THE SHOW."
THE MERCURIAL WORLD OF MAGIC
AND ITS ASSOCIATIONS
HAD ANOTHER EFFECT
ON HALF-BROTHER NED,
WHO COULD WAKE THE DEAD...
MAGICIANS?
ILLUSIONISTS. ILLUSIONISTS.
Narrator:
AT THE MERE MENTION OF MAGIC,
HE EXPERIENCED THE STING
OF ANXIETY-INDUCED ACID REFLUX.
WHO DOESN'T LIKE MAGIC?
I-I LOVE MAGIC...
AS MUCH AS I LOVE OTHER FORMS
OF POPULAR ENTERTAINMENT,
LIKE BOXARATE TAE-KILL-DO
CAGE-FIGHTING
OR MONSTER TRUCKS ON ICE.
TO CERTAIN FACTIONS
OF THE GOD-FEARING PUBLIC,
MAGIC IS THE DEVIL'S WORK,
YOU LITTLE DEVILS.
MAGICALLY DELICIOUS
LITTLE DEVILS.
MNH-MNH.
OH, I THOUGHT YOU WERE --
MAGICALLY DELICIOUS
LITTLE DEVILS.
MM-HMM.
LIKE A CONFECTION.
INSIDE ONE OF THESE PIES
IS A PRIZE.
BUT WHICH ONE?
THIS PIE? THAT PIE?
PICK A PIE, ANY PIE.
OOH, THAT ONE!
THAT ONE!
YOU JUST MAGICALLY JULIENNED
THE CHERRIES.
BUT WAIT, THERE'S MORE.
OH! A MAGIC SHOW!OH! A MAGIC SHOW!
A MAGIC SHOW?!
WHERE DID I PUT THAT RAT'S ASS
I COULD GIVE?
MAGIC AIN'T NOTHING
BUT A VOODOO GRIFT.
MAGIC IS AS MAGICAL
AS YOU WANT IT TO BE.
YEAH. HE MAGICALLY PUT
THOSE TICKETS IN THAT PIE.
IF BY "MAGICALLY," YOU MEAN
"MADE YOU LOOK THAT WAY
SO YOU WOULDN'T SEE
WHAT THEY WERE DOING THIS WAY,"
THEN, YES, THOSE TICKETS
ALAKAZAMMED THEIR WAY
RIGHT UNDERNEATH
THAT DELICIOUS, FLAKY CRUST.
OR HOCUS PULLED THE DAMN TICKETS
OUT OF HIS POCKET
AND POCUS SLID THEM
UNDER THE PIE PAN,
AS EVIDENCED BY
THE CHERRY-RHUBARB CRUMBLE
ON HIS SLEEVE.
WE'RE PERFORMING
AFTER THE SECOND PERFORMANCE
OF THE GREAT HERRMANN.
HE'S THE BIG, MUCKETY-MUCK
PATRIARCH
OF THE CONJURER'S CASTLE,
AND TO US, TOO.
AFTER DAD HAD TO LEAVE...
"HAD TO LEAVE"?
WHY ELSE
WOULD HE HAVE LEFT?
AFTER DAD HAD TO LEAVE,
HERRMANN WAS
THE NEXT BEST THING.
YAY. ANOTHER MAGIC DAD.
WE'LL INTRODUCE YOU AFTER THE
SHOW, IF YOU COME TO THE SHOW.
WILL YOU COME TO THE SHOW,
BIG BROTHER?
BIG HALF-BROTHER,
ONCE REMOVED BY THE FACT
THAT YOU DIDN'T KNOW I EXISTED
UNTIL LAST WEEK.
I'D LIKE TO RSVP
IN THE RESOUNDINGLY AFFIRMATIVE.
I THOUGHT YOU SAID
MAGIC WAS A VOODOO GRIFT.
IT IS A VOODOO GRIFT.
BUT EXPOSING THESE TWO
AND THEIR FAIRY-DUST DECEPTIONS
WILL ONLY HONE
MY P.I. SKILLS,
MUCH LIKE A BRAINTEASER
OR "WHERE'S WALDO?"
YOU'RE NOT INVITED
IF YOU'RE GONNA HECKLE.
BUT SHAZAM --
I HAVE A TICKET.
I'LL BE THERE, FRONT AND CENTER,
LOUD AND APPLAUDING,
SNAPPING LIKE A BEATNIK
OR PRAISING THE LORD --
WHATEVER YOU'D LIKE.
LOUD AND APPLAUDING!
AND PREFERABLY AMAZED.
WHAT DO YOU SAY,
FRERE PIE MAKER?
LOOK! THERE'S A TICKET
WITH YOUR NAME ON IT.
OH!
[ LIGHT MUSIC PLAYS ]
[ LIGHT APPLAUSE ]
YOU BARELY SAID
A WORD TO THEM.
I BARELY KNOW THEM.
I SAW THEM ONCE WHEN I WAS 9,
AND THEY WERE JUST
THOSE LITTLE BASTARDS
MY FATHER WAS
CHEATING ON ME WITH.
THOSE LITTLE BASTARDS
ARE NOW YOUR LITTLE BROTHERS.
YOU CAN'T JUST FLASH
SOME JAZZ HANDS
AND THEN ABRACADABRA --
BROTHERLY LOVE.
WHAT HE SAID. THERE SHOULD
BE A GRACE PERIOD,
THEN A GETTING-TO-KNOW-YOU
PERIOD,
THEN A DINNER
ON A NATIONAL HOLIDAY.
I INVITE THEM TO THE PIE HOLE,
AND SUDDENLY IT'S,
"FRERE PIE MAKER,
COME TO OUR SHOW."
IT'S A MAGIC SHOW.
WHAT DO YOU GOT
AGAINST A MAGIC SHOW?
THERE'S SEQUINS AND DRAMA
AND THE PROMISE OF BLOODSHED.
NEXT TO PAGEANTS,
THEY'RE MY FAVORITE THING.
THEY GIVE ME ACID REFLUX.
OH, HERE. SUCK A LOZENGE.
A MAGICAL LOZENGE
THAT'LL MAKE ME FORGET
THEY'RE PUTTING ON
A MAGIC SHOW,
WHICH IS THE SAME KIND OF SHOW
MY DAD PUT ON,
SO WHAT THEY'RE PULLING
OUT OF THEIR MAGIC HATS
ISN'T A RABBIT --
IT'S MY CHILDHOOD TRAUMA.
THEY'RE WEARING IT LIKE A CAPE
AND TAKING IT TO THE STAGE.
[ GULPING ]
HERE I WAS JUST ABOUT TO TELL
Y'ALL TO SHUT THE HELL UP,
AND THEN YOU STOPPED TALKING
SO I DIDN'T HAVE TO.
MAURICE AND RALSTON ARE
THE FAMILY THAT YOU
DIDN'T KNOW YOU HAD.
IF I COULD
TALK TO MY AUNT LILY
AS THE MOTHER
I DIDN'T KNOW I HAD...
OH, I'D HAVE
A SEA OF QUESTIONS.
DON'T YOU HAVE
A SEA OF QUESTIONS?
THERE MAY BE A POND.
THEN DIVE IN.
I'M NOT A DIVER.
I'M A CAUTIOUS SWIMMER.
I TEST THE WATER
WITH MY BIG TOE
AND THEN GENTLY WADE
INTO THE SHALLOWS.
Narrator:
WHILE THE PIE MAKER INSISTED
ON WADING INTO THE SHALLOWS
OF BROTHERLY LOVE,
CHUCK INSISTED
ON DIVING INTO THE DEPTHS
OF A RECENT
AND STRANGE REVELATION.
HER AUNT LILY WAS, IN FACT,
HER MOTHER LILY.
[ TELEPHONE RINGS ]
NOT SATISFIED HEARING SUCH
LIFE-ALTERING NEWS SECONDHAND,
CHUCK WANTED TO HEAR THE WORDS
DIRECTLY FROM HER MOTHER'S LIPS.
HELLO?
Chuck: [ British accent ]
Oh, hello, I'm from
Livelong Day Life Insurance.
NOW, WE HAVE AN AMAZING
MOTHER'S DAY OFFER
FOR WOMEN WHO HAVE
GIVEN BIRTH.
NOW, MAY I ASK,
DO YOU QUALIFY FOR --
[ Click, dial tone ]
[ French accent ] Our November
cheese is rubbed with paprika.
IT IS PARTICULARLY
APPEALING TO, UH,
THE WOMAN
WHO HAS HAD A BABY?
HAVE YOU EVER HAD A BABY?
[ Click, dial tone ]
[ Southern accent ]
YOU'VE BEEN RANDOMLY SELECTED
TO RECEIVE YOUR VERY OWN
PSYCHIC READING.
[ CLICK ]
HELLO?
[ Dial tone ]
OH, NO.
HERE COMES
ANOTHER MAGIC DAD.
Chuck: IS THAT
THE GREAT HERRMANN?
MAYBE HE COULD BE
YOUR MAGIC DAD, TOO.
ALREADY HAD A MAGIC DAD.
IT DIDN'T WORK OUT.
I NEED ANOTHER LOZENGE.
LOZENGE ISN'T WORKING.
STOMACH ACID'S RISING...
AS WELL AS OTHER CONTENTS
OF STOMACH.
ARE YOU THE PIE MAKER?
I'M A PIE MAKER.
HELLO!
EXCUSE ME, EXCUSE ME.
I FEEL I SHOULD HUG YOU.
CAN I GIVE YOU A BIG HUG?
I'M ALREADY HUGGING, AND THERE'S
NOTHING YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT.
I WANT A HUG!
I'M NOT MADE OF HUGS.
MAURICE AND RALSTON
CAN'T STOP GUSHING.
I'M SO GRATEFUL
THAT YOU CAME INTO THEIR LIVES.
PERHAPS YOU CAN
TAKE SOME HEAT OFF ME.
THE BOYS ARE RATHER NEEDY.
WE'LL TALK ABOUT IT LATER.
PRETTY GIRL,
PRETTY GIRL, AND YOU...
I SENSE YOU'RE A GREAT
INVESTIGATOR OF THINGS UNSOLVED.
NAMED AFTER A POET AND A FISH.
MM-HMM. I SENSE YOU BETTER
GIVE ME BACK MY WALLET
'FORE I MAKE MY FOOT
DISAPPEAR UP YOUR --
THE BOYS TELL ME
YOU'RE A HECKLER.
WE DON'T PLAY THAT WAY
AT THE CONJURER'S CASTLE,
SO LET'S NIP THAT IN THE BUD,
SHALL WE?
OH, YEAH? AND HOW DO YOU
PROPOSE WE NIP, HERMAN?
IT'S HERRMANN.
AND THIS IS HOW WE NIP.
EVER HAD YOUR BREATH TAKEN,
EMERSON COD?
LEACHED FROM YOUR LUNGS
BY A CEMENT MASS
CRUSHING YOU
IN A DEADLY EMBRACE?
NO.
IN JUST MOMENTS,
I WILL BE CONTORTING MY SHACKLED
BODY INTO THIS BOX,
WHICH WILL THEN BE FILLED
WITH QUICK 'N' HARD BRAND
QUICK-SET CEMENT
AND THEN WELDED SHUT.
DEMENTED AND CEMENTED,
I GIVE YOU "CEMENTIA!"
[ LAUGHS ]
IF MY SHACKLES ARE SECURE,
MR. COD,
THEN KINDLY RETURN
TO THE AUDIENCE.
[ CHAINS RATTLE ]
AH, APPLAUSE FOR EMERSON COD!
[ APPLAUSE ]
[ CLANK ]
NOW YOU SEE ME...
[ APPLAUSE ]
[ AUDIENCE MURMURS ]
EMERSON COD.
IT WAS NO ACCIDENT
I CHOSE YOU TO VOLUNTEER.
I REQUIRE YOUR KEEN EYE
AND INVESTIGATION OF THINGS
IN A PERSONAL MATTER.
SOMEONE HAS BEEN KILLING
MY ASSISTANTS.
I INVITE YOU TONIGHT
TO SOLVE THEIR MURDERS.
I LIVE TO AMAZE ANOTHER DAY!
Narrator:
BUT NOT ANOTHER DAY AFTER THAT.
HER NAME WAS ALICE.
TONIGHT WOULD'VE BEEN OUR 200th
PERFORMANCE TOGETHER.
I FOUND HER JUST LIKE THIS...
EXCEPT OVER THERE.
YOU TURNED YOUR ASSISTANT
INTO A BUNNY?
MY ASSISTANT
HAS ALWAYS BEEN A BUNNY.
OH, I-I JUST WANTED TO SEE
IF HE KNEW THAT.
ALICE WAS MURDERED
LIKE THE OTHERS.
FRED AND GINGER WERE IMPALED
WHEN A RIGGING IN MY COAT
MISFIRED.
THEY WOULD FLY OUT OF MY POCKETS
IN A PUFF
OF GLITTER AND BIRDSEED
AS I STRUMMED
A CHIRPING SLIDE GUITAR.
AND MERCURY, SWEET MERCURY.
MERCURY LOVED PERFORMING
WITH BALLOONS AND CHILDREN.
THAT'S WHEN HE WAS
HAPPIEST OF ALL.
AND NOW HE'S DEAD,
BLUDGEONED BY A FALLING SANDBAG.
WHO WOULD WANT TO KILL
ALL YOUR ANIMALS?
[ EMERSON CLEARS THROAT ]
WHILE WE CAN APPRECIATE
AND SYMPATHIZE
WITH YOUR PREDICAMENT,
MISTER HERRMANN...
PLEASE, CALL ME GREAT.
NO.
...WE'RE PRIVATE DETECTIVES,
NOT PET DETECTIVES.
IT WOULD SULLY MY REPUTATION
AS AN EXPERT IN THE FIELD
IF I WERE TO TAKE
TO INVESTIGATING
MISSING "PUDDY TATS"
OR DEAD "BUNNY WABBITS."
I WANT TO HELP MISSING PUDDIES
AND DEAD BUNNIES.
EH.I'M CURIOUS --
DO PET DETECTIVES GET PAID MORE
THAN THE OTHER KIND?
PET DETECTIVES GET PAID
A WHOLE LOT MORE,
SO YOU NEED TO GET
TO PRESTIDIGITATING
A LITTLE MORE GREEN
IF YOU WANT TO GET SERIOUS.
BLOW ON MY HANDS.
MAN, GIVE ME MY DAMN MONEY.
[ OLIVE GASPS ]
OH!THAT WAS GREAT!
NOW, IF YOU'LL EXCUSE ME,
THE COUNTY BRIDGE AND TUNNEL
FOLK HAVE ARRIVED FOR THE 9:00.
UM, GREAT?
UH, I NEVER GOT TO ASK --
HOW EXACTLY DO YOU KNOW
MAURICE AND RALSTON?
I WAS THERE
WHEN THEIR FATHER LEFT --
YOUR FATHER LEFT.
I HAD REAL GOOD SEATS
TO THAT SHOW.
I WAS THE DRESS REHEARSAL.
THE SHOW SUCKED THEN.
WHAT DO YOU TELL A COUPLE
OF KIDS YOU'VE NEVER MET
THAT THEIR DAD,
WHO YOU'VE NEVER MET,
HAS JUST DROPPED THEM
LIKE THEY WERE HOT?
YOU CAN'T SUGARCOAT
THAT TURD.
NO, NOT EFFECTIVELY.
WHAT DID YOU TELL THEM?
WHAT THEY WANTED
TO HEAR --
THAT THEIR DAD
WAS AN IMPORTANT MAN
WITH IMPORTANT-MAN MATTERS
TO ATTEND TO.
BLAH, BLAH, BLAH.
PLEASE STOP CRYING. BLAH.
DID THEIR DA--
MY DAD SAY ANYTHING TO YOU?
WHAT WAS HE GONNA SAY?
"HEY, THE BOYS WILL BE
HUNGRY IN AN HOUR"?
HE WAS DITCHING THE KIDS
AT A SUNDAY MATINEE,
FOR CHRISTMAS' SAKE.
THANKS FOR LOOKING OUT
FOR THEM.
DIDN'T HAVE
ANY OTHER CHOICE.
EVERY DAY AFTER SCHOOL,
THEY'D POP BY
LOOKING TO BE TAUGHT
SOME NEW MAGIC TRICK
OR PLAY WITH MY MONKEY.
HEED THIS WARNING --
ESTABLISH VERY CLEAR BOUNDARIES
EARLY AND OFTEN.
I GUESS THEY JUST NEEDED
A FATHER.
SON... EVER FEED A STRAY
PUSSYCAT? IT WAS LIKE THAT.
YOU LOVE THE PUSSYCAT,
AND I DO LOVE THOSE BOYS,
BUT THAT PLATE OF TASTY PATE
WITH THE TUNA SAUCE
WAS NOT A PROMISE.
Narrator: IT WAS THE PROMISE
OF SISTERLY DEVOTION
THAT CONCERNED LILY.
30 YEARS, 9 MONTHS AGO,
LILY BROKE THAT PROMISE
WHEN SHE WAS IMPREGNATED
BY HER SISTER VIVIAN'S FIANCE.
LILY LIVED IN FEAR
THAT ONE DAY VIVIAN
WOULD DISCOVER HER BETRAYAL
AND SETTLE HER HASH,
AND TODAY THAT HASH-SETTLING DAY
HAS COME ONE DAY CLOSER.
[ KNOCK ON DOOR ]
[ GUN COCKS ]
WHO THE HELL ARE YOU?
Narrator: WHO THE HELL HE WAS,
WAS DWIGHT DIXON.
IN HIS YOUTH, DWIGHT DIXON
BRANDISHED THE BLUE BERET
OF THE UNITED NATIONS
PEACEKEEPERS.
TOGETHER WITH CHUCK'S FATHER
AND THE PIE MAKER'S FATHER,
DWIGHT PERFORMED TASKS
OF PEACE ENFORCEMENT
AND, IN THE PROCESS,
LEARNED MANY THINGS
ABOUT HIS BROTHERS-IN-ARMS --
SOME THINGS LILY
WOULD RATHER HE NOT KNOW.
CHARLES KEPT A PICTURE OF YOU.
YOU WERE A MERMAID SITTING IN
THE CRADLE OF A GIANT FISHHOOK
WITH A CLAMSHELL BRASSIERE
AND...
[ Laughing ]
...THE TAIL OF A MACKEREL.
I DON'T THINK
WE WERE EVER MACKERELS.
OH, YOU WERE ALWAYS
A MACKEREL.
WHENEVER I SAW THAT PICTURE,
I'D SAY --
"HOLY MACKEREL."
YEAH, I HEARD THAT ONE COMING
FROM AROUND THE CORNER.
IT WAS WEARING TAP SHOES.
CHARLES NEVER TOLD ME
YOU WERE WITTY!
IT'S PROBABLY THE ONLY THING
HE NEVER TOLD ME ABOUT YOU.
BOY, DID HE TALK...
ABOUT YOU --
WHEN HE WASN'T TALKING ABOUT
THIS ONE,
WHICH WAS 99.9%
OF THE TIME.
I'M QUITE
THE CONVERSATION PIECE.
WHEN YOU OPENED THAT DOOR,
I GOT A "ROCK 'EM SOCK 'EM
ROBOT" POW TO THE CHIN.
NOW I KNOW WHY CHARLES
ALWAYS REGRETTED
LETTING ANOTHER WOMAN
COME BETWEEN THE TWO OF YOU.
HE BROKE MY HEART.
CHARLES BROKE A LOT OF HEARTS,
BUT HE ONLY
GOT HIS BROKEN ONCE.
KNOCKED HIM FOR A DOOZY, TOO.
UM, DO YOU HAVE A POINT
TO THIS VISIT,
OR DID YOU JUST STOP BY
FOR SNORTS AND GIGGLES?
THE SNORTS AND GIGGLES
ARE THE RAISINS IN MY OATMEAL.
NO, I'M HERE FOR SOMETHING --
A COMMON BRASS POCKET WATCH.
IT BELONGED TO CHARLES,
HENCE IT HAD A "C.C."
ENGRAVED ON THE BACK.
IT LOOKED A LOT LIKE THIS ONE,
WHICH IS MINE, HENCE THE "D.D."
WE ALL GOT THEM WHEN WE WERE
IN THE SERVICE TOGETHER.
I DON'T RECALL
A POCKET WATCH.
HMM.
VIVIAN, MAYBE --
SHE DOESN'T RECALL,
EITHER.
WELL...
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
POCKET WATCH
OR NO POCKET WATCH,
I THINK I CAN TELL
WHEN IT'S TIME FOR ME TO GO.
I'LL GET YOUR COAT.THANK YOU.
I'M NOT GONNA SAY
ANYTHING TO VIVIAN
ABOUT WHAT YOU DID TO HER.
THAT WOULD BE CRUEL.
NOT AS CRUEL
AS WHAT YOU DID,
BUT NO NEED TO QUANTIFY
YOUR SISTER'S PAIN.
HEY, DON'T COME FOR ME,
FELLA. I FIGHT DIRTY.
I DON'T WANT TO FIGHT.
I NEED TO CHANGE
YOUR PERCEPTION OF ME.
LET'S SIT DOWN AND
TEAR A PHEASANT TOGETHER --
YOU, ME, AND YOUR SISTER.
IF I EVER SEE YOU AGAIN,
IT WON'T BE PHEASANT
I'LL BE TEARING.
OH, TABASCO.
YOU SURE ARE A SPICY COCKTAIL.
Narrator: WHILE LILY
WAS GIVING DWIGHT THE STINK-EYE
WITH THE ONLY EYE SHE HAD,
HER SISTER, VIVIAN, HAD SET HER
EYES ON SOMETHING MUCH SWEETER,
A CONFECTION SHE HADN'T TASTED
IN QUITE SOME TIME...
...A DATE.
AS THE GREAT HERRMANN
TOOK TO THE STAGE
FOR HIS SECOND PERFORMANCE
OF THE NIGHT...
NOW YOU SEE ME...
...A MURDER INVESTIGATION
WAS BEING PERFORMED
UNDER THE PROSCENIUM ARCH
OF HIS DRESSING ROOM.
POOR MERCURY.
OH, I WISH YOU COULD TELL US
WHO DID YOU IN.
Ned:
HE'S A MONKEY.
BARRING AND EVOLUTIONARY LEAPS
YET UNHEARD OF,
THE MONKEY CAN'T TALK.
WELL, HE'S ALSO DEAD, WHICH IS
WHY HE REALLY CAN'T TALK.
THAT'S TRUE, TOO.
Chuck: ALICE CAN TALK.
SHE'S GOT BURNS ON HER LIPS
AND ULCERS ON HER TONGUE.
SHE'S TELLING US
THAT SHE WAS POISONED.
WE GOT A MONKEY
FLATTENED BY A SANDBAG.
MEANS THE KILLER KNOWS
THEIR WAY AROUND BACKSTAGE.
WE'VE GOT TWO DOVES
IMPALED BY BAD TASTE
AND A MALFUNCTIONING COAT GAG.
KILLER KNOWS HOW THE GREAT
HERRMANN'S TRICKS WORK.
I THINK ALICE ATE THE LETTUCE
OFF THE GREAT HERRMANN'S BLT.
KILLER KNOWS
HOW TO MAKE A SANDWICH.
YEAH, THE LETTUCE WAS SUPPOSED
TO STAY ON THE SANDWICH
AND BE EATEN
BY THE GREAT HERRMANN.
THE FALLING SANDBAG,
THE RIGGED JACKET.
THE KILLER WASN'T TRYING
TO KILL ANIMALS.
KILLER WAS TRYING TO KILL
THE GREAT HERRMANN.
[ SCREAMING, CROWD MURMURING ]
HE DIDN'T GET OUT!
NO!
[ INDISTINCT SHOUTING ]
ISN'T IT FUNNY HOW EASY IT IS
TO REMAIN CALM
WHEN EVERYONE ELSE
IS FREAKING OUT?
[ SCREAMS ]
Narrator:
SADLY, THE GREAT HERRMANN
HAD FAILED TO ESCAPE
HIS GREAT ESCAPE.
HIS UNTIMELY EXPIRATION
WAS DEEMED BY THE AUTHORITIES
TO BE ACCIDENTAL DEATH
DUE TO AGGRAVATED "CEMENTIA."
Ralston:
THIS WASN'T AN ACCIDENT.
THE GREAT HERRMANN PERFORMED
THAT TRICK A THOUSAND TIMES.
WHAT DID HE DO
WITH ALL THOSE CEMENT BLOCKS?
DONATED THEM TO THE PAPEN COUNTY
MARINE INSTITUTE
TO CREATE ARTIFICIAL REEFS.
THE GREAT HERRMANN
HAD A DEDICATED FAN BASE
OF BARNACLES, CORALS,
AND OYSTERS.
WELL, TONIGHT THE INVERTEBRATES
OF THE SEA WILL MOURN HIS LOSS.
Olive: POOR HERMANN.
FRED AND GINGER
AND ALICE AND MERCURY --
I WANT THEM ALL AVENGED!
I'M SORRY, BUT NOW THAT
EVERYONE'S CALMED DOWN,
I'M FREAKING OUT.
I THINK
IT'S THE ANIMAL CRUELTY.
DON'T FREAK OUT.
I KNOW A DOG AND A PIG
THAT HAVEN'T BEEN IMPALED,
POISONED, OR BLUDGEONED
THAT NEED TO BE FED,
LOVED, AND WALKED.
AWW, MAYBE I'LL GO DO THAT
RIGHT NOW.
I'M SORRY ABOUT YOUR
NEXT-BEST-THING MAGIC DAD.
AND I'M...
I'M SORRY ABOUT YOURS, TOO.
UH...
HE WASN'T MY --
HE DIDN'T --
WE DIDN'T HAVE
THAT KIND OF RELATIONSHIP.
ALTHOUGH HE DID PUT HIS HAND ON
MY SHOULDER AND CALLED ME "SON,"
WHICH FELT LIKE
SOMEONE RUBBED THEIR FEET
ACROSS A SHAG RUG
AND REACHED INTO MY CHEST
AND GAVE MY HEART
A STATIC-ELECTRIC POP.
I ALWAYS LOVED
THAT STATIC-ELECTRIC POP.
IT'S ALL VERY CONFUSING.
THERE'S MURDERED MAGIC DADS
AND THE PROMISE OF TASTY PATE
WITH TUNA SAUCE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
YOU WERE SAYING IN YOUR HEAD?
'CAUSE THAT AIN'T
WHAT CAME OUT OF YOUR MOUTH.
WHAT I'M SAYING...
I NEED TO SAY TO THEM.
I'M GONNA TAKE CARE OF THIS.
HERRMANN WILL BE AVENGED.
I DON'T MEAN VIGILANTE JUSTICE,
BECAUSE WHAT KIND OF EXAMPLE
WOULD THAT BE?
I MEAN REGULAR GO-TO-JAIL-
FOR-YOUR-CRIMES JUSTICE.
YOU GONNA KICK SOMEONE'S ASS,
FRERE PIE MAKER?
YES.
I'M GONNA KICK SOMEONE'S ASS.
Narrator: AND THE ASS-KICKING
WOULD COMMENCE
WITH THE ASS
THAT POURED THE CEMENT.
I GAVE HERRMANN PLENTY OF TIME
TO GET OUT.
THEN WHY DIDN'T HE GET OUT?I DON'T KNOW.
IT'S PRETTY CRAMPED IN THERE.
MAYBE HE GOT A BLOOD CLOT
AND PASSED OUT.
HOW'D HE USUALLY
GET OUT?
HE DOESN'T TELL ME
THAT STUFF.
THE MONKEY KNOWS MORE
ABOUT HIS TRICKS THAN I DO.
YOU MEAN THE DEAD MONKEY?YES, THE DEAD MONKEY.
WHAT, ARE YOU GONNA TRY
AND PIN THAT ONE ON ME, TOO?
WHAT ABOUT FRED AND GINGER?DON'T FORGET THE RABBIT.
ALICE WAS THE ONLY ONE
I LIKED.
DAMN MONKEY WAS MEAN.
AND THOSE BIRDS --
THOSE HORRIBLE BIRDS.
EVERY TIME THEY'D FLY OUT OF HIS
POCKETS, THEY'D ATTACK MY WEAVE.
SO WHEN ANIMALS ATTACK,
YOU ATTACK BACK,
THEN KILL THE GUY
WHO TRAINED THEM TO ATTACK.
NO, I STAND THERE HUMILIATED
BY A MEAN MONKEY
NIGHT AFTER NIGHT
FOR EIGHT YEARS.
I TOLD MYSELF NO MORE THAN
THREE, BUT IT'S BEEN EIGHT.
I STAND THERE, AND I TAKE IT,
HOPING THE GREAT HERRMANN
WILL MAKE GOOD
ON THE CARROT HE'S BEEN DANGLING
AND GIVE ME MY OWN ACT.
EIGHT YEARS
OF CARROT-DANGLING
WHILE THE BOBBSEY TWINS
PASS YOU BY?
HONEY, YOU BEEN SPURNED,
AND NEXT TO
THE SPURNED LOVER,
THE SPURNED EMPLOYEE
RIDES SHOTGUN
ON THE HOMICIDE
CHUCK WAGON.
HERRMANN AND ANYONE HE SHARED
A STAGE WITH HAS ENDED UP DEAD,
EXCEPT YOU.
WHICH MEANS YOU'RE
THE KILLER...KILLER.
OR...I'M NEXT.
OR IT WAS AN ACCIDENT,
AND NO ONE'S NEXT.
ALSO, YOU'RE WRONG.
SOMEONE ELSE SHARED THE STAGE
WITH THE GREAT HERRMANN --
THE GEEK.
SO, YOU LIKE THE COMIC BOOKS
AND ACTION FIGURES?
HE'S THE KIND THAT BITES
THE HEADS OFF CHICKENS.
Geek: OH, ANIMAL-RIGHTS GROUPS
PUT A STOP
TO THAT KIND OF GEEK
A LONG TIME AGO.
PERFORMERS DRESSING UP AS
SAVAGES AND EATING LIVE ANIMALS.
IT'S TACKY AND A SUREFIRE WAY
TO ALIENATE YOUR AUDIENCE.
I EAT GLASS AND NAILS
AND REGURGITATE
FISH, FROGS, AND MICE.
I'M WORKING MY WAY UP
TO A KITTEN.
REGURGITATING A KITTEN?
THAT'S A UNIQUE TALENT.
I TRAINED MY BODY
TO DO THE EXTRAORDINARY.
MY FIRST JOB WAS AS A PLANT
IN HERRMANN'S AUDIENCE.
THAT'S HOW WE MET.
HE'D PRETEND TO HYPNOTIZE ME,
AND THEN, UNDER HIS SPELL,
I'D DRINK A BOTTLE OF BEER
AND THEN EAT THE BOTTLE.
WE WERE LIKE
A FATHER-AND-SON ACT.
[ GROANS ]
Emerson: WHAT WERE YOU
AND YOUR TUMMY DOING
WHEN HERRMANN WAS ON STAGE
GETTING CEMENTED?
I WAS WALKING THE CROWD.
I PICKPOCKET
RINGS, WATCHES, AND KEYS
AND THEN REGURGITATE THEM LATER
IN MY ACT.
WITH ALL THAT HAPPENED, I FORGOT
TO GIVE SOME OF THEM BACK.
LISTEN FOR YOURSELF.
[ WATCH TICKING ]
OH.
UM, DID YOU
SWALLOW A MAGNET?
SOMEBODY MUST'VE HAD ONE
IN THEIR POCKET.
THAT'S AN AMAZING TALENT,
MISTER GEEK.
HERRMANN WAS THE ONLY ONE
AROUND HERE
WHO HAD ANY RESPECT
FOR MY CONTRIBUTION.
ANY IDEA WHY HE COULDN'T
GET OUT OF THAT BOX?
CAN'T SAY. I BET THE GREAT
HERRMANN IS IN THERE RIGHT NOW
STRIKING SOME
"LAST DAYS OF POMPEII" POSE
THAT'S GONNA TELL YOU EVERYTHING
YOU NEED TO KNOW.
Narrator:
WHILE THE INVESTIGATORS
CONTINUED TO PONDER
WHY THE GREAT HERRMANN
DID NOT GET OUT...
...OLIVE SNOOK WAS ABOUT TO
PONDER HOW SOMEONE ELSE DID.
[ DOOR OPENS, BELLS RING ]
WE'RE CLOSED.
VIVIAN! YOU'RE OUT!
I THOUGHT WE'D AGREED YOU'D CALL
BEFORE DROPPING BY UNEXPECTEDLY,
WHICH WOULD HAVE BEEN EXPECTED
HAD YOU CALLED.
Vivian: I COULDN'T RISK
SENDING A MESSAGE
AND LILY INTERCEPTING IT.
THIS HAS TO BE COVERT.
I'M ON A DATE...
WITH A MAN.
OH. EVENING.
[ PIGBY SNORTS ]
EVENING.
Dwight:
WE WALKED OUT OF THAT SANDSTORM
WITH OUR BOOTS, OUR BERETS,
AND OUR POCKET WATCHES
WITH NO POCKETS TO PUT THEM IN.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
WE MADE A SPIT PACT,
LIKE IN THE BOY SCOUTS.
LAST ONE ALIVE AND
KICKING TAKES THEM
WATCHES INTO THE DESERT
AND LETS THE SANDSTORM
CLAIM THEM.
THAT'S SO VERY ROMANTIC
AND POETIC,
AND YOU CERTAINLY TOOK
YOUR TIME TO COME CALLING.
CHARLES HAS BEEN DEAD
FOR 20 YEARS.
I'VE BEEN IN PRISON
FOR 22.
EMOTIONAL OR FEDERAL?I'M GONNA SAY YES TO BOTH.
I CAN ONLY SAY YES
TO ONE.
HMM. MUST SEEM
A LITTLE LESS ROMANTIC NOW.
OH, NO.
[ CHUCKLES ]
ON THE CONTRARY.
I KNEW WHAT KIND OF MAN
CHARLES WAS,
AND THE WAY YOU TELL IT,
YOU BOYS SOUND MORE LIKE BANDITS
THAN PEACE-KEEPERS.
WE WERE A LITTLE OF BOTH.
ABOUT CHARLES'
POCKET WATCH --
I DO RECALL IT.
SO DOES LILY.
I DON'T KNOW
WHY SHE LIED TO YOU.
I THINK SHE JUST WANTED YOU
TO LEAVE.
IF LILY WANTS TO KEEP THAT
WATCH, SHE SHOULD KEEP IT.
OH, SHE DIDN'T KEEP IT.
WE BURIED IT WITH OUR NIECE,
LONELY TOURIST
CHARLOTTE CHARLES.
IT WAS HER FATHER'S.
WE WANTED HER TO HAVE IT.
THAT POOR GIRL MURDERED
ON A TAHITIAN GETAWAY --
THAT WAS CHARLES'
LITTLE GIRL?
LILY IS SENSITIVE
WHEN IT COMES TO CHARLOTTE.
OF COURSE SHE IS.
SHE LOST HER DAUGHTER.
NIECE.
I KNOW WHAT
THE RELATIONSHIP IS.
I'M JUST SAYING, I THINK
YOU BOTH LOST A DAUGHTER.
YOU RAISED THE GIRL.
HOW COULD YOU NOT FEEL
LIKE SHE'S YOUR OWN?
I'M GLAD THE POCKET WATCH
IS WITH CHARLOTTE.
Narrator: BECAUSE NOW HE KNEW
WHERE TO FIND IT,
OR SO HE THOUGHT,
JUST AS OUR PRIVATE
INVESTIGATORS THOUGHT THEY KNEW
WHERE TO FIND
THE GREAT HERRMANN.
WHERE'S THE GREAT HERRMANN?
GIVE ME THAT.
UGH.
NOW YOU SEE ME...
"...AND NOW YOU DON'T.
DOUBLE KISSES, DOUBLE HUGS,
THE GREAT HERRMANN."
SON OF A BITCH.
IT WAS A DISAPPEARING ACT.
NOW YOU SEE HIM...
NOW YOU DON'T.
THE GOOD NEWS IS HE'S
STILL ALIVE... SOMEWHERE.
WHY WOULD THE GREAT HERRMANN
DISAPPEAR?
I'M SURE HE WOULDN'T HAVE
DISAPPEARED UNLESS HE HAD TO.
HE'S AN IMPORTANT MAN.
HE PROBABLY HAD IMPORTANT
MAN MATTERS TO ATTEND TO.
OH.
THAT'S WHAT HERRMANN TOLD US
WHEN DAD LEFT.
THAT'S WHY I SAID, "OH."
IT WAS AN ATTEMPT TO CORRAL
THOSE WORDS BACK INTO MY MOUTH.
WHAT DID HERRMANN TELL YOU
ABOUT WHEN DAD LEFT?
DID HE SAY
WHY DAD HAD TO LEAVE?
HE TOLD ME WHAT HE TOLD YOU.
DID HE TELL YOU ANYTHING
HE DIDN'T TELL US?
THERE MAY HAVE BEEN
SELECT DETAILS.
Narrator:
THE FACTS WERE THESE --
ON A COOL AUTUMN DAY
9 YEARS, 48 WEEKS, 26 DAYS,
AND 7 HOURS EARLIER,
MAURICE AND RALSTON'S FATHER
PROMISED THEM A MAGIC SHOW
THEY WOULD NEVER FORGET.
A NEW MAGICIAN, CLEVERLY BILLED
AS HERMAN GUNT'S MAGIC EXPRESS,
CALLED FOR A VOLUNTEER.
"I'LL BE BACK," DEAR DAD SAID.
[ AUDIENCE MURMURING ]
[ APPLAUSE ]
[ CYMBAL CRASHES ]
Narrator:
THE FLEDGLING MAGICIAN
TRIED TO COMFORT
THE FATHERLESS BOYS
WITH VAGUE BUT IMPORTANT MOTIVES
BEHIND THEIR DEAR DAD'S
DISAPPEARANCE.
THE TWINS' FRAGILE HEARTS
GLADLY BELIEVED
IN THE ILLUSION OF HIS WORDS...
UNTIL NOW.
HE WASN'T AN IMPORTANT MAN.
HE DIDN'T HAVE IMPORTANT
MAN MATTERS TO ATTEND TO.
YOUR DAD...
OUR DAD WAS JUST SOME GUY
DITCHING HIS KIDS
AT A SUNDAY MATINEE.
THAT'S WHAT HERRMANN TOLD ME.
THAT'S WHAT HE DIDN'T TELL YOU.
HE DIDN'T WANT TO HURT YOU
ANY MORE THAN YOU HAD
ALREADY BEEN HURT.
YOU SURE DIDN'T HAVE
A PROBLEM TELLING US.
YEAH.
WELL, IN MY DEFENSE,
YOU BADGERED ME A LITTLE,
AND CONSIDERABLE TIME
HAS PASSED.
I PROBABLY SOUND LIKE
SOME HORRIBLE MISSIONARY
SHOWING UP
AND TELLING THE NATIVES
THEY'RE WORSHIPPING
A FALSE GOD, BUT...
YOU KIND OF ARE.
HE LEFT THREE SONS.
THERE REALLY ISN'T
A GOOD EXCUSE.
DID HERRMANN TELL YOU
RALSTON WET HIMSELF
WHEN DAD DISAPPEARED?
IT WAS YEARS BEFORE WE COULD
PERFORM A DISAPPEARING ACT
WITHOUT HAVING TO USE
A MOP.
WHY WOULD YOU SAY THAT?
I GET ANXIETY-INDUCED
ACID REFLUX
AT THE MERE MENTION OF MAGIC.
RALSTON, YOU WET YOURSELF.
WE'RE TWO GROWN MEN WITH
DAD-RELATED BODY-FLUID ISSUES.
I CAN'T SUCK LOZENGES
FOR THE REST OF MY LIFE,
AND YOU CAN'T WEAR
ADULT DIAPERS.
I LEARNED TO CONTROL
MY BLADDER YEARS AGO.
OH.
GOOD FOR YOU.
I KNOW MY ACID REFLUX
IS JUST HEARTBURN,
AND YOUR HEART'S BURNING, TOO.
LOOK AT THE WAY
YOU'RE HOLDING ON TO THAT SCARF.
YOU'RE NOT CLINGING TO HERRMANN.
YOU'RE CLINGING TO DAD.
HOLDING TIGHTER
ISN'T GONNA BRING HIM BACK.
IT'S NOT GONNA BRING
EITHER OF THEM BACK.
WHERE'S THE REST OF IT?
WASN'T IT IN THAT BLOCK
OF CEMENT
WITH HERRMANN'S
"...NOW YOU DON'T" NOTE?
YEAH, IT PROBABLY SHOULD'VE
BEEN, HUH?
THE GREAT HERRMANN IS DEAD.
HE DIED FROM "CEMENTIA"
ON STAGE
WITH THE REST OF THIS SCARF
AROUND HIS NECK.
I KNEW I SHOULDN'T HAVE
CAME IN HERE. I KNEW IT.
I SHOULD HAVE TOOK MY ASS HOME,
TURNED OFF MY PHONE,
AND GOT UP UNDER THE COVERS,
BUT NO.
SOMEONE SWITCHED
THE BLOCKS.
IT'S CLASSIC
SLEIGHT OF HAND.
HERRMANN WAS THAT LITTLE BALL
UNDER THE COCONUT SHELL.
SOMEONE SHUFFLED
THE SHELLS AROUND,
AND WE LOOKED UNDER
THE WRONG ONE.
THERE WERE TWO PERFORMANCES
OF "CEMENTIA," SO TWO BLOCKS.
KILLER SHUFFLES THE BLOCKS,
HIDES THE ONE
WITH HERRMANN'S BODY IN IT,
AND EVERYBODY THINKS
THE GREAT GREAT
JUST DISAPPEARED
INTO HIS DISAPPEARING ACT.
AND NO BODY, NO MURDER.
MAKES FOR A GREAT URBAN LEGEND,
THOUGH.
HOW DO YOU SHUFFLE
A 500-POUND BLOCK OF CEMENT?
FORKLIFT.
ONLY ONE BLOCK OF CEMENT
WAS FORK-LIFTED
OUT OF THE CONJURER'S
CASTLE TONIGHT.
WHICH MEANS THE OTHER ONE
IS STILL INSIDE.
THE SWITCH HAD TO HAPPEN
SOMEWHERE BETWEEN THE STAGE
AND THE LOADING DOCK
WHEN PEOPLE WEREN'T WATCHING
THE BLOCKS TOO CAREFULLY.
Narrator: USING METAL DETECTORS
TO DETECT THE METAL
OF THE SHACKLES WORN
BY THE GREAT HERRMANN
WHILE PERFORMING "CEMENTIA"...CLEAR.
"TWO FOR THE SHOW,"
FEATURING OLIVE SNOOK,
BEGAN THEIR SEARCH
AT THE LOADING DOCK.
WELL, I ALWAYS LOVED
A GOOD TREASURE HUNT.
Narrator:
THE PRIVATE INVESTIGATOR,
THE PIE MAKER, AND CHUCK
BEGAN THEIR SEARCH
UNDER THE STAGE.
IT MIGHT NOT BE THE CEMENT
THAT KILLED HIM.
WE COULD CHISEL OPEN THAT BLOCK
AND FIND A MURDER WEAPON,
LIKE A MOJAVE RATTLESNAKE
OR A HIDDEN HYPODERMIC NEEDLE
THAT THE GREAT HERRMANN
UNKNOWINGLY INJECTED HIMSELF
WITH WHILST CONTORTING.
OR WE COULD CHISEL OPEN
THAT BLOCK AND FIND
HE DROWNED IN CEMENT.
WELL, WHEN WE DO
CHISEL IT OPEN,
IT'S TOO BAD
MAURICE AND RALSTON
CAN'T TALK
TO THE GREAT HERRMANN.
THEY DIDN'T GET A CHANCE
TO SAY GOODBYE.
THE BOOHOO BOSOM
DONE DRIED UP.
WELL, MY BOOHOO BOSOM IS PLUMP
AND BRIMMING WITH MILK.
UGH.
A SMALL CONVERSATION
CAN GO A LONG WAY,
EVEN UNDER THE FALSEST
OF PRETENSES.
Ned: HAVE YOU BEEN
CRANK-CALLING LILY AGAIN?
MM, NOT RECENTLY...
ALTHOUGH THAT DOES DEPEND
ON HOW YOU DEFINE "RECENTLY."
WOMAN, DON'T YOU KNOW
PEOPLE HAVE CALLER I.D.?
[ RAPID BEEPING ]
OH, OH!
THERE'S SOMETHING
UNDERNEATH THESE FLOORBOARDS.
Ned:
I GIVE YOU "CEMENTIA."
HERRMANN SLID
RIGHT OFF THE STAGE
AND DROPPED INTO
THIS STRATEGICALLY
JACKHAMMERED GRAVE.
OUT OF ALL THE WAYS
TO HAVE YOUR BODY STASHED,
THIS ONE'S
NOT SO TERRIBLE.
MAYBE THE KILLER
WANTED THE GREAT HERRMANN
TO BE PART OF
THE CONJURER'S CASTLE FOREVER.
IF THE KILLER
CARED THAT MUCH,
YOU'D THINK HE'D AT LEAST
BREAK OUT HIS TROWEL
AND MAKE THE THING
LOOK NICE.
LOOK AT THOSE EDGES.
HE'S GOT TO FILL THIS ALL IN.
LORD KNOWS THERE'S ENOUGH CEMENT
IN THE HOUSE.
[ FOOTSTEPS ]
[ CREAKING ]
[ WHIRRING ]
DID SOMEONE JUST TURN ON
THE CEMENT MIXER?
MAYBE IT'S OLIVE
AND THE BOYS.
MAYBE WHAT'S
OLIVE AND THE BOYS?
WHOEVER TURNED ON
THE CEMENT MIXER.
YOU FOUND
THE GREAT HERRMANN.
Emerson: WHOEVER DROPPED
THIS BLOCK IN THERE IS BACK
TO MAKE SURE HERRMANN IS PART OF
THE CONJURER'S CASTLE FOREVER.
THAT'S HIS KILLER?THAT'S HIS KILLER?
NO, NO! FOOLS RUSH IN!
WE'RE NOT FOOLS!
OVER THERE!
THEY SPRANG
LIKE ATTACK MONKEYS.
I'LL TAKE CARE OF THEM.
YOU TAKE CARE OF HIM.
DO EITHER OF YOU
HAVE A GUN?
NO.
I'M GOING WITH EMERSON.
HEY!
DON'T BE GOING AROUND CHASING
MURDER SUSPECTS WILLY-NILLY.
WHAT YOU GONNA DO?
USE YOUR WONDER-TWIN POWERS?
Olive: WAIT FOR ME!
OH!
EMERSON.Emerson: WHAT?
IN HERE.
[ GASPS ]
OH, OH.
IS HE DEAD?
THAT'S THE GEEK.
HE EATS GLASS
AND SWALLOWS SMALL ANIMALS.
WHAT'S THAT UP HIS NOSE?
MAYBE IT'S A SMALL ANIMAL
TRYING TO CRAWL TO FREEDOM.
OH, NO, THAT'S ALL THE WAY
UP IN THERE. HE'S DEAD.
YEAH, HE'S -- HE'S --
HE'S GONE.
[ ALL SCREAM ]
YOU KILLED HERRMANN,
BURIED HIM IN THE FLOOR,
AND THEN YOU SNUCK BACK IN HERE
SO YOU COULD SEAL THE DEAL
WITH SOME MORE
OF YOUR CEMENT HANDIWORK.
BUT YOU GOT SURPRISED
BY THE GEEK,
AND THEN YOU KILLED HIM, TOO.
OH, IS THAT HOW
YOU'RE GONNA FRAME ME
AFTER YOU BEAT ME TO DEATH
WITH YOUR METAL DETECTORS?
I AM AN UNARMED WOMAN.
WHY DON'T YOU CALIBRATE THOSE
THINGS TO FIND YOUR MANHOOD?
WELL, IF YOU DIDN'T
KILL ANYBODY
AND YOU AIN'T RUNNING 'ROUND
HERE BURYING BODIES
AND DISPOSING OF WITNESSES,
WHAT YOU DOIN' HERE?
PACKING.
THE UNIVERSE KILLED HERRMANN
TO SEND ME A MESSAGE,
AND THAT MESSAGE
IS THAT EIGHT YEARS
IS LONG ENOUGH TO WAIT
FOR A CARROT.
YEAH, WELL, MY ASSOCIATES
IS OUT DIGGING UP THAT CARROT
YOU BEEN TRYING TO BURY,
AND WE GONNA SEE WHAT THE
UNIVERSE HAS TO SAY ABOUT THAT.
Narrator: AS EMERSON COD
CHISELED AWAY AT HIS SUSPECT,
THE PIE MAKER AND CHUCK CHISELED
AWAY AT THE GREAT HERRMANN.
I LIVE TO AMAZE ANOTHER DAY!
NO, YOU LIVE TO AMAZE
ANOTHER MINUTE.
YOU'VE BEEN CRUSHED BY
"CEMENTIA'S" DEADLY EMBRACE.
I WAS HOPING
THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN.
HOW AM I TALKING RIGHT NOW
AND NOT DEAD?
MAGIC.
IT'S A FAMILY TRAIT.
MUST HAVE GOTTEN THAT
FROM YOUR FATHER.
AND THAT'S SOME POTENT
KUNG FU.
HERRMANN, LOOK, I KNOW
THAT ASKING A MAGICIAN
TO REVEAL THE SECRET BEHIND
HIS GREAT ESCAPE IS VERY RUDE...
THEN DON'T DO IT.
NOBODY LIKES RUDE.
IT COULD HELP US
CATCH YOUR KILLER.
AH.
MAGIC MAN TO MAGIC MAN.
PLUG YOUR EARS.
Narrator:
MAGIC MAN TO MAGIC MAN,
THE GREAT HERRMANN DETAILED THE
FACTS OF THE ESCAPE THAT WASN'T.
IT WAS NOT MAGIC THAT GOT THE
GREAT HERRMANN OUT OF HIS BOX,
BUT A SERIES OF TRAPDOORS.
BUT A MAGNET CONCEALED
IN HIS SHOE WAS NOT UNDERFOOT.
OH!
MAGNETS IN YOUR SHOES?
THAT'S THE SECRET
TO YOUR GREATEST TRICK?
I COULD'VE LIED TO YOU.
TOLD YOU IT WAS FORCE FIELDS
OR TELEKINESIS.
SOMEBODY SNATCHED THE MAGNETS
OUT OF MY SHOES
WHILE I WASN'T WEARING THEM.
DO YOU HAVE ANY LAST WORDS
OR REGRETS
OR SOMETHING YOU'D MAYBE LIKE
TO SAY TO MAURICE AND RALSTON?
SOMETHING I'D LIKE THEM
TO HAVE.
MY FREEZER
HAS A FALSE BOTTOM.
INSIDE, YOU'LL FIND
MY MAGIC BOOK
OF MAGIC TRICKS
AND ILLUSIONS.
GIVE IT
TO MAURICE AND RALSTON.
I'D LIKE TO KEEP IT
IN THE FAMILY.
[ WATCH BEEPS ]
TIME FOR MY NEXT TRICK.
WITH A BIT OF SHOWMANSHIP,
IF YOU DON'T MIND.
NOW YOU SEE ME...
THERE WERE SUPPOSED
TO BE MAGNETS
IN THE GREAT HERRMANN'S SHOES.
THAT'S HOW HE TRIGGERS THE
TRAPDOOR AND ESCAPES "CEMENTIA."
SOMEONE STOLE THE MAGNETS
SO HE COULDN'T ESCAPE.
AFTER HERRMANN DIED,
THERE WERE MAGNETS
IN THE GEEK'S STOMACH.
SO WHAT?
SEW BUTTONS.
HE ATE THE EVIDENCE.
THE GEEK'S THE KILLER.
THE GEEK AIN'T THE KILLER.
THE GEEK IS DEAD.
BLACK MAGIC WOMAN KILLED HIM.
SHE TOOK THAT DANGLING CARROT
AND JAMMED IT
IN THAT DAMN FOOL'S HEAD.
STOP SAYING THAT.
I DID NOT.
Narrator:
IN FACT, SHE HADN'T.
THEY DID NOT JUST LEAVE ME
WITH A DEAD BODY.
RIGHT NOW, I FEEL LIKE
I'M VERY CALM.
YOU ARE. YOU ARE.THANK YOU.
AND I WANT TO STAY THAT WAY,
BUT I NEED YOU
TO STAY CALM, TOO.
SO WHAT'S OUR PROMISE
TO EACH OTHER?
STAY CALM.WHICH MEANS?
NO SCREAMING?YOU'RE WONDERFUL.
I CAN'T WAIT TO LET YOU GO.
Alexandria:
EVERYBODY CAN SEE YOU.
OLIVE,
ARE YOU OKAY?
UM, I'M CALM?
HEY, NERD,
YOU NEED TO GET YOURSELF
A BIGGER HUMAN SHIELD
OR SOMETHING.
YOU HANGING OUT ALL SORTS
OF PLACES I COULD SHOOT.
HOW ABOUT YOU JUST LET
WEE LADY WEE GO?
WELL, I HAVE A GUN, TOO.
I SWALLOWED
A PEARL-HANDLED PISTOL.
I'M COCKING THE TRIGGER WITH
MY STOMACH MUSCLES RIGHT NOW,
AND WHEN IT FLIES
OUT OF MY MOUTH,
IT'S GOING TO SHOOT YOU
IN THE FACE!
I DID HEAR A CLICK.
WAIT.
IT'S A CLICK-CLICKING.
OH, NEVER MIND.
IT'S A WATCH.
YOU AIN'T SHOOTING NOBODY
IN THEIR FACE, TUMS.
YOU ARE NOT GONNA
GET AWAY WITH MURDER.
NED, HE'S GOT A NAIL.
Narrator:
THE FACTS WERE THESE --
THE GEEK, A.K.A. GUNTHER PINKER,
SAW A FATHER
IN THE GREAT HERRMANN
AND A LONG AND HAPPY FUTURE
PERFORMING TOGETHER.
BUT HERRMANN
DID NOT SEE A SON IN HIM --
ONLY A NOVELTY ACT
WHOSE NOVELTY HAD RUN OUT.
HERRMANN HAD CONVENIENTLY
ARRANGED HIS OWN FUNERAL
IN "CEMENTIA."
THE KEYS TO HIS ESCAPE
WERE CONSUMED.
HE MADE THE GREAT HERRMANN
VANISH
AND REPLACED HIM
WITH ANOTHER CUBE.
NO BODY, NO MURDER.
HE INTENDED TO RETURN
WITH HIS TROWEL
AND SEAL
THE GREAT HERRMANN'S GRAVE
WITH THE VERY BRAND OF CEMENT
THAT TOOK HIS LIFE.
I WOULD HAVE EATEN ANYTHING
FOR THAT MAN.
I LOVED HIM LIKE A FATHER.
GUESS HE SHOULDN'T HAVE
CALLED YOUR ACT CHEAP.
THAT FIRST BEER BOTTLE
I ATE FOR HIM WAS A PROMISE,
A PROMISE HE BROKE.
HE TURNED HIS BACK ON ME.
ABANDONED ME LIKE I WAS...
CHEAP.
I WAS ABANDONED BY MY FATHER
WHEN I WAS 9.
I HATED HIM FOR LEAVING ME.
I WROTE LETTERS
TO MY FUTURE SELF,
TELLING FUTURE ME
TO NEVER FORGIVE MY FATHER
AND TO ALWAYS
HOLD A GRUDGE.
THOSE LETTERS WERE LITTLE,
ANGRY TIME CAPSULES.
BUT BEING ANGRY
DIDN'T HELP.
DESPITE WHAT HE DID
TO ME...
I STILL LOVED HIM,
AND I WANTED HIM BACK.
NOW!
HYAH!
TA-DA!TA-DA!
Narrator: THE GEEK,
A.K.A. GUNTHER PINKER,
REGURGITATOR OF FISH, FROGS,
MICE, AND NOW KITTENS,
WAS ARRESTED FOR THE MURDER
OF THE GREAT HERRMANN,
A.K.A. HERMAN GUNT.
WHEN THEY WERE READY, TWIN
MAGICIANS MAURICE AND RALSTON
DEALT WITH THE LOSS
OF THEIR MAGIC DAD,
FINDING HIS BOOK OF SECRETS
WHERE HE HAD LEFT IT.
BUT THEY KNEW THERE WAS SOMEONE
WHO HAD WAITED EIGHT LONG YEARS
FOR THAT CARROT.
WE'LL MAKE YOU
A PHOTOCOPY.
Narrator: AND WITH IT,
ALEXANDRIA THE ASSISTANT WOULD
BECOME THE GREAT ALEXANDRIA,
NEWEST HEADLINER
AT THE CONJURER'S CASTLE.
AS FOR THE PIE MAKER,
HE DISCOVERED
A NEW SIDE TO MAGIC.
MAGIC WAS NOT JUST
WHAT DISAPPEARS,
BUT WHAT REAPPEARS
WHEN YOU LEAST EXPECT IT.
EMBOLDENED
WITH THIS NEW PERSPECTIVE
AND FREE OF THE STING
OF ACID REFLUX,
THE PIE MAKER ARRANGED
A PRIVATE MAGIC SHOW
FOR THE GIRL HE LOVED.
ARE YOU READY?
WELL, IF WE'RE GOING
TO A MAGIC SHOW,
I HOPE YOU'VE GOT
YOUR LOZENGES.
TSK, TSK, TSK.OH, SORRY.
YOU HELPED ME CONQUER
MY LOZENGE DEPENDENCY.
AS TERRIFYING AS IT IS,
MAGIC RUNS IN MY FAMILY...
AND I KIND OF LIKE BEING
FRERE PIE MAKER.
IT'S A NICE FEELING
TO BE ABLE TO TALK
TO THE FAMILY
YOU DIDN'T KNOW YOU HAD.
OKAY, YOU CAN LOOK.
YEAH?
[ SIGHS ]
OKAY.
AWW.
I WANT YOU TO HAVE
THAT SAME NICE FEELING.
DO YOU WANT TO
TALK TO YOUR MOM?
ARE WE GONNA
CRANK-CALL LILY?
IN A WAY.
DING-DONG-DITCH?
HOW?
A SMALL CONVERSATION
CAN GO A LONG WAY,
EVEN UNDER
THE FALSEST OF PRETENSES.
OKAY, NOW THAT VIVIAN
HAS GONE TO BED,
UM, HAVE YOU EVER
ROLE-PLAYED?
OH, I'VE ROLE-PLAYED...
[ CHUCKLES ]
...BUT NEVER IN A CONTEXT
I'D BE COMFORTABLE
ROLE-PLAYING WITH YOU.
OH, NO, NOT -- NOT THAT KIND
OF A ROLE-PLAY.
MORE OLIVES...OLIVE.
THIS IS A WORK-YOUR-GROOVES-OUT
KIND OF A ROLE-PLAY,
NOT GET-YOUR-GROOVE-ON.
OH, OKAY.
YOU'VE TOLD ME THINGS ONLY ME,
YOU, AND THAT NUNNERY
KNOW ABOUT CHARLOTTE.
YOU BEING HER MOTHER
AND NOT BEING HER MOTHER.
THAT AGAIN.
SAY, WHEN YOU WERE A JOCKEY,
DID YOU RIDE THE HORSES
OR JUST BEAT THEM
AFTER THEY WERE DEAD?
I'M NOT TALKING ABOUT
A DEAD HORSE.
I'M TALKING ABOUT
A DEAD DAUGHTER,
AND THAT'S AN AWFUL LOT
OF WEIGHT TO HAUL AROUND.
YOU ARE HARSHING MY BUZZ.
OH, I DON'T WANT TO HARSH.
I WANT TO HELP.
HELP ME HELP YOU
CARRY THE WEIGHT.
OH, LILY,
UNBURDEN YOURSELF.
IF CHARLOTTE WERE ALIVE
RIGHT NOW
AND YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO WORRY
ABOUT VIVIAN SETTLING YOUR HASH,
WHAT WOULD YOU SAY TO HER?
IS THIS THE ROLE-PLAY PART
WHERE YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE
CHARLOTTE?
YES, AUNT LILY. IT'S CHARLOTTE.
DON'T YOU RECOGNIZE ME?
YOU SHOULD
GET YOUR EYE CHECKED.
[ INHALES DEEPLY ]
CHARLOTTE, THERE'S SOMETHING
YOU SHOULD KNOW.
I'M LISTENING.
[ BEEPING ]
I'm your mother.
PRESTO.
GO ON.
ASK YOUR SEA OF QUESTIONS.
SHE CAN HEAR ME?
UM...
THERE'S SO MANY.
I want to know everything.
I WANT TO KNOW EVERY--
EVERYTHING?
EVERYTHING.
START AT THE BEGINNING.
T-TELL ME ABOUT THE --
THE DAY I WAS BORN.
COULD YOU TELL ME
ABOUT THE DAY I WAS BORN?
I WAS AT THE NUNNERY.
IT WAS RIGHT IN THE MIDDLE OF
MID-MIDDLE MORNING PRAYERS.
Sister Mary Mary
came running
with a crucifix and
a bucket of holy water.
She had ideas about the kind of
spawn I was carrying.
BUT...
[ Voice breaking ]
...AFTER YOU WERE BORN...
[ SIGHS ]
...EVEN SHE COULD SEE
YOU WERE AN ANGEL.
Narrator: AS THE ONCE-DEAD GIRL
NAMED CHUCK
HAD HER VERY FIRST CONVERSATION
WITH THE MOTHER
SHE'D ALWAYS THOUGHT DEAD
AND FELT HER HEART GROW FULL...
[ THUNDER CRASHING ]
...ACROSS TOWN,
DWIGHT DIXON WAS VISITING
THE DEAD DAUGHTER
OF HIS DEAD FRIEND...
[ GRUNTING ]
Narrator:
...AND FOUND HER COFFIN EMPTY.
[ THUNDER CONTINUES ]